free after video final bomb
managed to do I think I needed to be
it's taking bloody ages
Connors
and one I've got now and rifles
excellently for contact on your Samsung
be going to contacts and
you can look at the account make sure
you've got all your accounts so anyone
Sarah and the one which is relevant to
this is the 24 whilst my email dress
pant and the google mail so with them
you've got absolutely honed my love
develops confirm that it worked that
have google would have done and check is
done correctly
taking a Google my own and then you've
got last time synced & contacto people
few ASX prices seem to appear on so now
more helpful way we need to do now is
find a merge duplicates which is another
war and funk all banks are one nation
based there under some more on the merge
fire engines ballgame
now here we have a hill the late-teen
contact with a bit more respectful and
now on my phone I'm touched in infancy
automatically saved him
No
and to be found just the cloud and all
that does mean these all have lots of
these
will disappear
the way I on Google is all the way down
the side and has got 19 we doing I was
38 out of the running again what the
hell anonymous is obviously regular old
time
slowly going anyway getting just to it
have a flouse appeared to work and it's
a key Tyson I'm now sinking my with my
dress book with my music and it did in
court even my old as we saw it I didn't
win last year's but for a new thing my
texts so imma taste reasonably
successful but the contact things will
piss you off in issues Alton well I took
this single be really kind of home don't
mean hello Oh learn how to use keys a
bit by her and on just took a new music
and music in there
do I can't quite figure out now once i
get used two keys and so on though I
believe your itunes now we'll sync all
your arm music things is to take them so
I and thanks for watching like papers i
think imma get another cheap absolutely
that's a new laptop 15 mega ramp and
free cake okay please